# supplychain
Supply Chain Management limits manufacturing cost, and saves time in its creation cycle. Business standards have got a moment to spare supply chain where retail deals consequently single renewal requests to manufacturers. Retailers would be able to restock as fast as item is sold. One approach, is to additionally enhance this procedure and investigate the information from supply chain accomplices to see where further modifications can be made. With Supply Chain Management getting so muddled, numerous sort of developments have been done to enhance supply chain execution process. Programming strategies spread the extentfrom supplying auspicious and precise supply chain data to checking deals with the goal that manufacturers produce and ship just as a lot of supply items can be sold by lessening unneeded stock, the two manufacturers and retailers can bring down the expenses of creating, dispatching merchandise and enterprises. So there are a lot of researches on how to make the supply chainprocess faster and more efficient. Machine learning, AI techniques and algorithms are designed to make the system more durable and trustworthy.
Researchers are seeking the solutions to make supply chain traceable and secure with fast communication measures. Etherum is the mostly used public Blockchain that is used to develop smart systems. Etherum has some developing benefits like tested development architecture and development environment. Ethurum is an open source platform mostly used for cryptocurrencies but developers are also using it for developing smart apps with the combination
This business network defines:
Participants: Supplier Importer Retailer Regulator

Assets: ProductListingContract

Transactions: createProductListing transferListing checkProducts updateExemptedList
